---
title: "On Religion"
date: 2021-07-27T08:02:05+01:00
draft: true
---

When people ask what my religion is I normally reply by saying I'm an atheist. However, this doesn't accurately represent my views. I believe that there might be a god, but I don't know that for certain. I have recently learnt that there is a word for this: agnosticism. Turns out, many other well known people have similar views like Edward Snowden, and Paul McCartney to name a couple. But it must be noted that there are a variety of views that can be attributed to the term agnosticism.

The human race has progressed so much in terms of knowledge yet we know so little. There is a vast univerise out there but we have only been able to explore our small solar system (I mean small as in comparison to the rest of the universe. In comparison to Earth it is anything but). And even back on Earth, there is still so much we have to learn about our own bodies, and the environment around us. We must remember that things like evolution are just theories among others. With all this in mind, it seems a bit odd to me that we can say for certain that there is, or isn't a god.

I propose a posibility that there is another universe connected to ours that does not share the same rules that we have grown accustomed to such as: life, the laws of physics, time, and many others. This could be an afterlife (perhaps heaven/hell), or something else. This is merely just speculation of course, but I do not see sufficient evidence to reject it in the same way that we cannot reject the ideas of atheism, and the wide array of religions known to us on grounds of evidence. We simply do not know enough.

Leading on from that point, I still think it is important to respect different religious views, and ideas. I'm not a big fan of the mockery, and disrespect shown by some atheists. However, I also have one general rule: you may have your religious beliefs, but you musn't force them on to anyone else. This is my reasoning for supporting a woman's choice of abortion, and homosexuality. You might think that abortion is murder, and homosexuality is a sin, but you cannot force that view onto other people. Instead, one must make secular arguments to oppose such ideas. For example, if a woman made pregnant through rape at a young age wants to have an abortion, then I view that as entirely reasonable. That woman did not choose to get pregnant, and that baby has not experienced any life, formed an emotional bond with anyone, experienced any form of upbringing, or education, and so on. You might argue that the baby still had a future, but they would've had a difficult upbringing because the mother likely would've been ill-prepared to bring up a baby. But of course, the woman might decide that although the circumstances of the pregnancy are undiserable, she is still ready to bring children into this world, and that can only be her choice, and no one else. You simply cannot bring religion into this, because as previously mentioned you cannot force belief onto someone else because you will never ultimately be able to prove any belief. Same thing as homosexuality. If a same sex couple are sexually attracted to each other, then who are we to judge? You cannot ultimately prove that they are committing some sort of sin, so don't stop them.

Let's conclude by discussing the meaning of life. It is a question with many potential answers, none of which you can prove. The way I see it is that I have a desire to work, extend my knowledge of the world, but also take a little bit of time out to enjoy life as well. I will therefore follow all 3 of these desires. It may end up being a waste of time in the end when death brings nothingness, but I do not know that for certain. It puzzles me how life seems engineered to survive yet some humans who live torturous lives still feel the need to resort to suicide. Is is that life is imperfect, or is there something more to it. And ultimately, why? I doubt I'll ever have these questions answered in my lifetime, nor will anyone else I suspect. But it gives me an instinct that there is more to it - there is considerably more that we have yet to discover. Perhaps everyone's death is the opportunity to discover in the afterlife, or maybe not. Who knows?
